DEVDOCS-6303-translations: [new] translations overview (#884)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/store-operations/translations/categories.mdx

# Translations for Categories (Beta)

<Callout type="info">
The Translations Admin GraphQL API is currently available on Catalyst storefronts only.
</Callout>

The categories translatable fields are:

* Name
* Description
* Page Title
* Meta Keywords
* Meta Description
* Search Keywords

## Examples

Below are examples of GraphQL queries and mutations for retrieving and managing translation settings for categories.

### Query translations

> This query returns a list of all translations currently supported by the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query returns a paginated list of translations by resourceType, channel and locale with a maximum of 50 results per request  
```

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>
    ```json filename="Example mutation: Query a translation" showLineNumbers copy
        GRAPHQL {{host}}/stores/{{store_hash}}/graphql
        X-Auth-Token: {{token}}

      query {
          store {
              translations(filters: {
                  resourceType: CATEGORIES,
                  channelId: "bc/store/channel/3",
                  localeId: "bc/store/locale/en"

>               }) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              } first: 50) {
```

                  edges {
                      node {
                            resourceId
                              fields {
                                  fieldName
                                  original
                                  translation
                              }
                          }
                      cursor
                  }
              }
          }
      }
    ```
  </Tab>
<Tab>

> ```json filename="Example query: Query a translation" showLineNumbers copy

Reviewer: <img width="1108" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-08 at 10 29 14" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ce108ad-7c73-4433-aa23-4e6b7ab5fc7c" />

Author: Hi @bc-yehor-kravchenko GitHub doesn't display the code correctly. It will look as like the following:
![Screenshot 2025-04-08 at 8 50 52 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f477304-b743-41b3-95e8-c1fab8ea3139)
![Screenshot 2025-04-08 at 8 50 44 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/de28cf3b-6395-4f5c-bf9f-ea18329eb2f6)
